README.md, before:

# CNCClientModule

This is the counterpart CLIENT module of the Command-And-Control communication program that I have written in java.
The SERVER module can be found at https://github.com/Kav-K/CNCCommandModule

Command-And-Control allows you to control multiple machines running a Linux-style operating system from one commanding machine.

## Features
- Command server can send commands to be executed on all clients at once
- Displays the status of individual clients when sending commands
- Displays output for all clients individually when executing a command
- Clients automatically reconnect to command if the command server is offline for x time, or undergoes an update
- Kill function to terminate all clients
- Reconnection feature (Reconnect clients manually from command)
## Todo
- Send commands to individual clients only (WIP)
- Obtain client system information/statistics
- Start clients on system startup

## How To Use
- Build the CNCCommandModule
- Build the CNCClientModule after replacing the COMMANDIP and COMMANDPORT fields in Main.java with the respective ip and port of your command module
- Done! (Simple right?)
## Security
This system is NOT cryptographically secure but does have a system of verification to ensure that server Command requests are authentic. The current security implementation involves the client sending a KeyRequest to the server. The server will then send back a copy of its public key to the client. Authentic communication from the designated server will have a digital signature attached to it, and will be verified on the client side before commands are executed.

- Client sends a KeyRequest to the COMMANDIP, if accepted by the server, the server will send back a PublicKeyTransmission object.
- Client will check if the PublicKeyTransmission object was sent from the COMMANDIP, and will write the public key into a file.
- All commands sent from the command server will be digitally signed by its private key
- All commands to be executed on clients will be validated by using the public key, and only valid commands will execute on the client side

In addition to the above, the command server, once authenticated with a client, will continuously send authentication updates to a client, the moment the server gets turned off or can't be reached, clients will immediately be deauthenticated and will try to reauthenticate with command. This is useful in preventing man-in-the-middle attacks.

This system is however NOT fully cryptographically secure, and I advise against using this in applications where sensitive commands and information is involved.

## Kryonet
This project uses the kryonet library from EsotericSoftware (https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet) Kryonet is an asynchronous communication library for Java built upon Java NIO and makes communication throughout this program seamless.

Commit message:

Updated algorithm to SHA256 and key size to 2048

README.md, after:

# CNCClientModule

This is the counterpart COMMAND SERVER module of the Command-And-Control communication program that I have written in java.
The CLIENT module can be found at https://github.com/Kav-K/CNCClientModule

Command-And-Control allows you to control multiple machines running a Linux-style operating system from one commanding machine.

## Features
- Command server can send commands to be executed on all clients at once
- Displays the status of individual clients when sending commands
- Displays output for all clients individually when executing a command
- Clients automatically reconnect to command if the command server is offline for x time, or undergoes an update
- Kill function to terminate all clients
- Reconnection feature (Reconnect clients manually from command)
- Secure SHA256-RSA Keypair authentication between the server and the client to make sure unauthorized commands are not executed
## Todo
- Send commands to individual clients only (WIP)
- Obtain client system information/statistics
- Start clients on system startup
- Two way authentication with the client acting as an authentication SOURCE

## How To Use
- Build the CNCCommandModule
- Build the CNCClientModule after replacing the COMMANDIP and COMMANDPORT fields in Main.java with the respective ip and port of your command module
- Done! (Simple right?)
## Security
This system is NOT cryptographically secure but does have a system of verification to ensure that server Command requests are authentic. The current security implementation involves the client sending a KeyRequest to the server. The server will then send back a copy of its public key to the client. Authentic communication from the designated server will have a digital signature attached to it, and will be verified on the client side before commands are executed.

- Client sends a KeyRequest to the COMMANDIP, if accepted by the server, the server will send back a PublicKeyTransmission object.
- Client will check if the PublicKeyTransmission object was sent from the COMMANDIP, and will write the public key into a file.
- All commands sent from the command server will be digitally signed by its private key
- All commands to be executed on clients will be validated by using the public key, and only valid commands will execute on the client side
- The public and private keypairs use the SHA-256 hashing algorithm with RSA, which has not been compromised yet, unlike the SHA1 algorithm.

In addition to the above, the command server, once authenticated with a client, will continuously send authentication updates to a client, the moment the server gets turned off or can't be reached, clients will immediately be deauthenticated and will try to reauthenticate with command. This is useful in preventing man-in-the-middle attacks.

This system is however NOT fully cryptographically secure, and I advise against using this in applications where sensitive commands and information is involved.

## Kryonet
This project uses the kryonet library from EsotericSoftware (https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryonet) Kryonet is an asynchronous communication library for Java built upon Java NIO and makes communication throughout this program seamless.
